 I am Don Bachner and I'm at Dr. Saram's office. 
Hey, Dr. Saram, how are you?
Great. How are you?
Good.
What's new?
Not a whole lot. How about yourself?
I'm doing okay.
Yeah, good.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah.
Um, we're following up on, you know, PSAs and whatnot.
Y
um
in November, this last PSA was 0.18,
right?
0.13, 0.15.
So, it's been in that range. Yeah.
It's hanging just above 0.1. but not moving quickly. So, um you know the question is how significant is that? You're now many years out, seven years out, eight years out from surgery.
Yeah.
And the ultra sensitive PSA is a funky test because it measures the PSA one decimal point more or or or the definition of a PSA failure or whatever is 0.1–0.2. So you're still in that range.
I see.
And you're by no means, you know, in a area where we're concerned about.
Right. Right. Last time I think you told me 2.0 is when you start to get take get your attention.
Yeah. I think um um um so um Um, I'm I'm good with just doing nothing right now.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Uh,
so the last time we we talked about, you know, every four months, should I continue every four months, six months? Okay, good.
And then if there's a significant change, then we talk about a PET scan and stuff, but a PET scan is not going to show anything at this stage.
Okay. So,
okay.
Um,
and so really is you're you're looking at the rate of change more than anything.
Yes.
Okay.
If there's rapid rise and if the value goes up significantly,
then we do a PET scan.
Okay.
And uh and then you know if there's signals outside the prostate and there's concerns about things that we talk about radiation, hormones, whatever it is. Okay.
We don't need that.
Okay. Good.
And because we've been checking the ultra sensitive PSA, we'll check it again because we want to compare apples to apples.
Okay.
But but in general, one can that We shouldn't check an ultrasound event, you know, PSA. We can just check a regular PSA.
Oh, I didn't realize there was there was a difference.
Yeah, there's two different things.
Sometimes, you know, I always check just a regular PSA, but then if somebody checks an ultra sensitive PSA, then we get obligated to follow that test.
I see. Got it. So, that was the one that I had had from um uh you know either Kubascar or Mednow. So, are you still going to see Dr. Murk?
Yeah.
Good. Okay.
So far. So good, huh? You were working.
One, he hasn't quit.
Yeah, he hasn't quit. That's a good sign.
Um, I'm due to go back and see him. They I walked downstairs and got some lab orders from him. But of course, being a doctor and a bad patient, it's been weeks and I haven't done my labs yet. So,
I'm supposed to go have my labs drawn and go back and see him, but
he's not a pretty He's
I like I like him. You know, it's a tough bar. You know, Bill was uh, you know, really good. So, um, my wife actually went to somebody else and not cuz she she hadn't met him but she just thought she felt he was going to be he was too young for her
and you know she she was a critical care nurse and you wanted somebody so um so she the guy she's got she's not that happy with she's over at um um what what um is it um UC Health UCL
in in Cherry Creek over there
UCL my wife is a UCL patient for various reasons and man they rake the system over a cold with the and stuff and you know she goes and does a lab and then they charge a facility fee. She gets four different bills. I'm like you know you should just go to the private world. It's less expensive and it's different service but
I don't know health is weird.
Yeah.
UC health is weird. Um so far so good. I you know I also judge a practice by their operations you know
and so far they've been good. I mean they send meers I can you know, get into Seattle or
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I've only seen him once and that, you know, is this early summer
and so I'll go again in, you know, in the spring.
Yeah.
And uh but yeah, and I sent him these, you know, so he should know what's going on.
But yeah, I like him. He seems like a smart guy.
He's a smart guy.
Yeah.
He's got a good Did he tell you a story?
He did. Yeah. He uh spent some time on oil rigs making a bunch of money. So he has no debt.
Yeah.
Yeah. Which is very smart. I think he's a he's a smart guy.
Yeah.
And honestly,
I mean, these kids nowadays who go into graduate schools and they do it on loans, they'll never pay that off. It's such a It is such a problem.
It's like a weight around your neck.
It really is. And so you did it right.
Yeah. Cool.
Anyhow, I'll see you then.
Okay. So, you'll So, I should make an appointment for six months and and these are great.
Show us the she'll give me in order for the test and all that.
Great. Okay. Thank you.
Yep. Good seeing you.
Same here. Take care of yourself.
Yep. Likewise.
It's this way and out.
Okay.
Take care.
Take care.
Can you check out?
Yes.
Follow up in six months with a PSA. No problem.
We can do that.
Glad you can.
All right.
NotebookLM can be inaccurate; please double check its responses.